Update issue template (#3366)
freqtrade/freqtrade: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md

---
name: Bug report
about: Create a report to help us improve
title: ''
labels: Triage Needed
assignees: ''

---
<!-- 

> Have you search for this issue before posting it?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Have you searched for similar issues before posting it?
```

If you have discovered a bug in the bot, please [search our issue tracker](https://github.com/freqtrade/freqtrade/issues?q=is%3Aissue). 
If it hasn't been reported, please create a new issue.

Please do not use bug reports to request for new features.
-->

## Describe your environment

  * Operating system: ____
  * Python Version: _____ (`python -V`)
  * CCXT version: _____ (`pip freeze | grep ccxt`)
  * Version: ____ (`freqtrade -V` | `docker-compose run --rm freqtrade -V`)
  

> Note: All issues other than enhancement requests will be closed without further comment if the above template is deleted or not filled out..

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: All issues other than enhancement requests will be closed without further comment if the above template is deleted or not filled out.
```

> Note: All issues other than enhancement requests will be closed without further comment if the above template is deleted or not filled out..

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: All issues other than enhancement requests will be closed without further comment if the above template is deleted or not filled out.
```

## Describe the problem:

*Explain the problem you have encountered*

### Steps to reproduce:

  1. _____
  2. _____
  3. _____
  
### Observed Results:

  * What happened?
  * What did you expect to happen?

### Relevant code exceptions or logs

> Note: Please copy/paste code, no screenshots of logs please.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: Please copy/paste text of the messages, no screenshots of logs please.
```
